astrepr: location filtering, custom data support (#232)
nim-works/nimskull: doc/debug.rst

Special defines
---------------

> Debugging functionality is available only when compiler itself built with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Debugging functionality is available only when compiler itself is built with
```

Semantic analysis
-----------------

> With `nimDebugUtils` you can annotate section of the code to trace how
> semantic analysis works on this block of code. Each procedure that uses
> with one of the `addInNimDebugUtils()` overloads is going appear in the
> execution tree. For example - `sem.semOverloadedCall`, triggered when it is
> necessary to analyze call to overloaded procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `nimDebugUtils` defined, you can then enable tracing for compiler semantic
analysis over sections of code using `nimCompilerDebug` -- code example below.
Not all compiler routines are enabled with first class tracing, if tracing is
missing for a particular compiler procedure then add a call to one of the
`addInNimDebugUtils()` overloads in the compiler procedure definition. An
example of a compiler procedure with tracing enabled is `sem.semOverloadedCall`.
This procedure will appear in any trace where the code being analysed includes a
call to an overloaded procedure.

See below for an example of how to add tracing to a procedure, followed by an
example of how to enable tracing for a section of code being compiled.
```

   |      Whether proc has been entered or exited
   Depth of the traced call tree

If test compiler runs with `-d:nimCompilerDebugTraceDir=/some/dir` option
the reports stored between different sections are written into separate
files in this directory. This is helpful if you want to track bugs where

> you can get find "this works" and "this doesn't work" versions. This
> debugging technique called differential debugging or sometimes differential
> diagnosis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you have two pieces or versions of code where one works and the other doesn't.
Collect traces for both and compare them to see how the compiler analysis
differs between them and use that to guide your investigation. This technique is
called differential debugging or sometimes differential diagnosis.
```
